# Top Line

At the top of the lobby you're told your nickname (e.g., `â˜•
deadhead`). That can be useful if you want to see how you've
customized your nickname (e.g., with capitalization, punctuation,
white-space or emojis).

Immediately to the right is a drop-down menu that allows you to see
some reports (currently the net profit leaderboards and the recent
tournaments).  By default, the net profit leaderboards only show
players who have won more Fun Money in payouts than they've put in in
buy-ins. However, if you have a non-positive balance and you want to
see it, you can hold down the shift key when you click one of the
leaderboard menu items.  If you hold the shift key down when you click
and you don't see your nick, then no tournaments have finished that
you were entered in.

Beyond that is a drop-down menu to the rules for almost all the games
Mb2 knows how to deal.  Action Razzdugi does not currently have an
entry, but it's just like Razzdugi, except the Razz half is Action
Razz.

The final item is a bell, which allows you to mute the gong. The gong
is rung when a new tournament is added.  That alerts people to the
presence of the new tournament so they can sign up. If your bell is
green, the gong will be played. If gray, it won't.  If you hover
your mouse over the bell, it will tell you its status.

Two daily tournaments (the 5:05pm PDT and 8:10pm PDT) have the
tradition of encouraging the winner to pick the following day's
tournament. It's viscerally satisfying to win, create the successor
tournament and then [bang a
gong](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4o4Q9sd_y4).
