# 2024-12-16 Status Report

On Sunday, November 17th, I received the [Stock Purchase
Agreement](../stock-purcahse-agreement.docx) from our business
attorney.  Unfortunately, I was a bit tired (and unbeknownst to me
at the time, slightly sick) when I received it, so I didn't make it
immediately available.  Turns out, I had covid, which I gave to my
ninety-two year old mother and that caused a lot of problems[^1].


<details>
<summary>Mom's Status (slipping into dementia)</summary>

Physically, mom is largely recovered from covid. She's gotten out and
walked with me seven out of the last eight days. Most of her sense of
taste is back to normal. She's sleeping about the same amount a day as
she had been doing pre-covid (which is a lot!), but mentally she took
a hit that is worrisome.

People on the BARGE mailing list may know that my mom stuffered a
stroke on March 27th, 2024.  After she was released from ICU ->
Hospital Room -> Inpatient Rehab on April 13th, she was no longer fit
to live alone and so my sister lived with her until June 3rd, when I
took over. I've been there ever since, although I've been spelled by
my sister or wife here and there.

Mom's mental acuity and memory were slowly starting to fail
pre-stroke.  They both took a huge hit with her stroke, but she
regained _much of_&mdash;but not all&mdash;she had lost, before
I gave her covid.

IMO, without the stroke and without covid, mom would have been sliding
slowly into dementia.  The stroke made things worse, with a big dip
followed by a rebound. Covid was a smaller dip and so far, a smaller
rebound.
</details>

<details>
<summary>My Status (healthy)</summary>

I still have a great immune system and probably never would have
gotten covid had I not done a twenty-four hour race in the drinking
division (meaning I had to drink a beer before each hilly four mile
loop) on November 8th[^2].  FWIW, I've done that race several times
before without getting sick, but I've lost fitness since I've become
my mother's minder.

When both mom and I had covid at the same time, I still had to tend to
her and her ancient cat, which slowed my recovery.  I never had any
loss of smell or taste, nor did I perceive mental or memory problem,
per-se, but boy did I get very tired every afternoon for a while.
</details>

So, even with the Stock Purchase Agreement in hand, I did not send
email to [Title3 Funds](https://www.title3funds.com/) until I was
pretty sure that both mom and I were fully recovered (except her
increase in dementia).  I got a promising reply Friday the thirteenth
and we're scheduling a call to get back on track.

Although there are no guarantees Title3 Funds will take CPC back as a
client, I've put off writing this status report for far too long.

[^1]: Covid is a complicated subject and writing a status report that
provides "the right" amount of information is not something I can do
quickly (or perhaps at all).  I'm acutely aware that "caused a lot of
problems" sounds flip if not actually callous, but I want my opening
paragraph to summarize the reason for the delay as well as to
mention problems that might be headed my family's way that could
interfere with CPC.

[^2]: I'd rather document my lack of judgment and foresight than to
sweep it under the rug, especially since anyone following [me on
Strava](https://www.strava.com/athletes/58696205) and/or reading my
[diet log](https://github.com/ctm/diet/tree/master/log) would already
know about this.
